IMP Inventory: update instructions and images (#3783)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/routes/strategies/removal.rst

For example, imagine there are three lots of screws in the warehouse. Those three have the following
numbers: 10001, 10002, and 10003, each with 10 boxes of screws in it.

Lot 10001 entered the stock on June 1st, lot 10002 on June 3rd, and lot 10003 on June 6th. A
customer orders seven boxes on June 8th. With the LIFO removal strategy selected, a transfer is
requested for seven boxes from lot 10003 because that lot is the last one to have entered the stock.
Basically, for every order of a product with the LIFO strategy used, a transfer for the last lot
that entered the stock is requested.

.. note::
   The LIFO strategy is banned in many countries and can lead to only having old or obsolete products
   in stock.

First Expired, First Out (FEFO)
-------------------------------

The :guilabel:`First Expired, First Out (FEFO)` strategy is a bit different from the other two
removal strategies. For FEFO, the expiration date is important, not the date the product was
received.

For example, imagine there are three lots of six-egg boxes (in this specific case, don't forget to
use units of measure). Those three lots have the following lot numbers: 20001, 20002, and 20003,

> each with five boxes in it.

Author: @brse-odoo I am having an issue getting this to work- I set my category to FEFO, and I just can't get my database to give me the dates. Could you help with this image?

> each with five boxes in it.

Author: I guess I just needed a few weeks to reset my brain- I was able to do this, it worked! I added the image.

Lot 20001 entered the stock on July 1st and expires on July 15th, lot 20002 entered on July 2nd and
expires on July 14th, and lot 20003 entered on July 3rd and expires on July 21st. A customer orders
six boxes on July 5th. With the FEFO strategy selected, a transfer is requested for the five boxes
from lot 20002 and one from lot 20001. All the boxes in lot 20002 are transferred because they have
the earliest expiration date. The transfer also requests one box from lot 20001 because it has the

> next closest expiration date after lot 20002.

Author: Same with this- I couldn't get the eggs to enter correctly, so I can't show that or the image above.

> next closest expiration date after lot 20002.

Author: Same with this- seems like I just needed a few week reset then everything worked =D

> Basically, for every sales order of a product with the FEFO strategy, a transfer is requested for
> the product that has the earliest expiration date from the order date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the :abbr:`FEFO (First Expiry, First Out)` removal strategy, every sales order that includes products with this removal strategy assigned ensures that transfers are requested for products with the expiration date soonest to the order date.
```

.. note::
   To work with the FEFO strategy, also activate the Expiration Dates feature.

Next, go to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration --> Product Categories` to define the
removal strategy on a product category.

.. image:: removal/product-category-removal.png
   :align: center
   :alt: :alt: Removal strategy on a product category.

FIFO (First In, First Out)
--------------------------

As explained, a :guilabel:`FIFO` removal strategy implies that products stocked first move out
first. Companies should use this method if they are selling products with short demand cycles, such
as clothes, to ensure they are not stuck with outdated styles in stock.

In this example, there are three lots of white shirts. The shirts are from the All/Clothes category,
where :guilabel:`FIFO` is set as the removal strategy. In the
:guilabel:`Inventory Valuation Report`,  the three different receipts are listed with the amounts.

.. image:: removal/inventory-valuation.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the lots of white shirts in the inventory valuation report.

Lot 000001 contains five shirts, lot 000002 contains three shirts, and lot 000003 contains two
shirts.

> As seen above, lot 000001 entered the stock first. :guilabel:`Create` and :guilabel:`Confirm` a

Author: My only issue with this is, we don't also go through all the directions of receiving in products with the SN's- and you won't be able to make a sales order without the items sorted correctly. So while we could add all of this, we'd also have to add that- and I am worried this doc is going to get far too long. Now I am wondering if I should have made separate docs for all removal strategies separately, and gone through the whole 'receive the product and sell the product' for each one. Maybe that could be another revision- just an idea (good idea for the net versions.. incremental changes and all =).

> As seen above, lot 000001 entered the stock first. :guilabel:`Create` and :guilabel:`Confirm` a

Author: Update: I added the sales order instructions, and since it's just to get them to understand how to do that part, I think it's fine.

sales order for six white shirts. All five shirts from lot 000001 and one shirt from lot 000002 will
be selected to be sent to the customer.

Once the sales order is confirmed, the delivery order will be created and linked to the picking, and

> the oldest lot numbers will be reserved thanks to the FIFO strategy.

Reviewer: I think to beef up this section we could walk through the whole SO process. After we create and confirm it, go to the picking, then to the warehouse delivery form, and deliver/invoice for the products.

LIFO (Last In, First Out)
-------------------------

> With a :guilabel:`LIFO` strategy, the opposite is true. The products that are received last move out
> first. :guilabel:`LIFO` is mostly used for products without a shelf life.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As explained earlier, the :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` removal strategy works in the **opposite** manner from the :abbr:`FIFO (First In, First Out)` strategy. With this method, the products that are received **last** are intended to move out first. This method is mostly used for products without a shelf life, and no time-sensitive factors, such as expiration dates.
```

> In this example, the white shirts will be used again to test the :guilabel:`LIFO` strategy. First,
> open the product category via :menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration --> Product Categories`
> and change the :guilabel:`Force Removal Strategy` to :guilabel:`LIFO`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test this example using the :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` strategy, first navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Product Categories`, and select a product category to edit. This reveals a product category form.

Once on the product category form, under the :guilabel:`Logistics` section, change the :guilabel:`Force Removal Strategy` to :guilabel:`Last In First Out (LIFO)`.
```

.. image:: removal/last-in-first-out.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Last in first out strategy set up as forced removal strategy.

> Then, :guilabel:`Create` a sales order for four white shirts and :guilabel:`Confirm` it. Check that

Reviewer: I think we can replicate the sales order to delivery process here, as well

Author: Same as above. I did do one walkthrough of a SO in the first comment you made for adding it, so I think that might also cover all the subsequent SO examples.

Reviewer: I agree with you here and think explaining it earlier suffices 👍

the reserved products are from lots 000003 and 000002 by looking at the :guilabel:`Detailed
Operations` in the  :guilabel:`Sales Order`.

.. important::

>    Don't forget that the :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` strategy is banned in many countries!

Reviewer: I think we can delete this note, since it was mentioned a few sections up. I think saying it once with a `:warning:` tag is sufficient

FEFO (First Expired, First Out)
-------------------------------

> With the :guilabel:`FEFO` removal strategy, the way products are picked is not based on the
> reception date. In this case, they are picked according to their expiration date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As explained earlier, the :abbr:`FEFO (First Expiry, First Out)` removal strategy differs from the :abbr:`FIFO (First In, First Out)` and :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` strategies, because it targets products for removal based on **expiration dates** instead of their warehoues receipt dates.
```

.. note::

>    For more information about expiration dates, please have a look at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For more information about expiration dates, reference
```

   :doc:`the related doc <../../management/lots_serial_numbers/expiration_dates>`.

By activating the :guilabel:`Expiration Dates` feature, it becomes possible to define different
expiration dates on the serial/lot numbers. Expiration dates can be set by going to
:menuselection:`Inventory --> Products --> Lots/Serial Numbers`, or they can be entered when
validating the received products.

.. image:: removal/removal-date.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the removal date for 0000001.

Lots are picked based on their removal date, from earliest to latest. Lots without a removal date
defined are picked after lots with removal dates.

> .. note::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. important::
```
Because we are dealing with perishable products :-)

   If products are not removed from stock when they should be, lots that are past the expiration

>    date may still be picked for delivery orders!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   date may still be picked for delivery orders.
```

.. image:: removal/empty-dock.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Empty stock waiting for deliveries at the docks.

Here, vendor trucks unload pallets of goods at the docks. Then, operators scan the products in the
receiving area with the reception date and, if the product has an expiration date, the expiration
date. After that, products are stored in their respective locations.

.. image:: removal/entering-stocks.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Products entering stock via the receiving area.

Next, several orders for the same product are made, but in this example, the goods weren't received
on the same day and they don't have the same expiration date. In that situation, logically, sending
those with the closest expiration date is preferred. Depending on the chosen removal strategy, Odoo
generates a transfer with the products that fit the settings best.

.. image:: removal/packing-products.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Products being packed at the packing area for delivery, taking expiration dates into
         account.

.. note::
   To pick for delivery, the product's lot/serial number can be found on the transfer form.

> How does it work?

Author: i like it!

=================

> First In, First Out (FIFO)

Author: I also agree- because these are how they are listed in the app as well, so for consistency, I thought it should also be like this.

--------------------------

When using a :guilabel:`First In, First Out (FIFO)` strategy, a demand for a product triggers a
removal rule, which requests a transfer for the lot/serial number that entered the stock first.
For example, imagine there are three lots of nails in the warehouse. Those three have the following
lot numbers: 00001, 00002, 00003, each with five boxes of nails in it.

Lot 00001 entered the stock on May 23, lot 00002 on May 25, and lot 00003 on June 1. A customer
orders six boxes on June 11. With the FIFO removal strategy selected, a transfer is requested for
the five boxes from lot 00001 and one of the boxes in lot 00002, since lot 00001 entered the stock
first. The box from lot 00002 is taken next because it has the oldest receipt date after lot 00001.
So, for every order of a product with the FIFO strategy selected, Odoo requests a transfer for the

> products that have been in stock for the longest time.

Author: I added more details- I ma not sure if I went too far and added too much information, but the image is definitely good since it shows the lot numbers being picked.

Last In, First Out (LIFO)
-------------------------

Similar to FIFO, the :guilabel:`Last In, First Out (LIFO)` strategy moves products based on the date
they entered the stock. Here, a demand for a product triggers a removal rule that requests a
transfer for the lot/serial number that has most recently entered the stock.

For example, imagine there are three lots of screws in the warehouse. Those three have the following
numbers: 10001, 10002, and 10003, each with 10 boxes of screws in it.

Lot 10001 entered the stock on June 1st, lot 10002 on June 3rd, and lot 10003 on June 6th. A
customer orders seven boxes on June 8th. With the LIFO removal strategy selected, a transfer is
requested for seven boxes from lot 10003 because that lot is the last one to have entered the stock.
Basically, for every order of a product with the LIFO strategy used, a transfer for the last lot
that entered the stock is requested.

.. note::
   The LIFO strategy is banned in many countries and can lead to only having old or obsolete products

>    in stock.

Author: I looked around and didn't see anything. I'm going to ask the PO if there is anything related to this we can link to, if not, I'll cut it off where you suggested.

   :alt: Change the Force Removal Strategy for either the Product Categories or Locations.

What happens inside the warehouse?
==================================

Most warehouses share the same important areas: receiving docks and sorting areas, storage
locations, picking and packing areas, and shipping/loading docks. While all products entering or
leaving the warehouse might go through each of these locations at some point, removal strategies can
have an effect on which products are taken, from where, and when.

.. image:: removal/empty-dock.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Empty stock waiting for deliveries at the docks.

Here, vendor trucks unload pallets of goods at the docks. Then, operators scan the products in the
receiving area, with the reception date and, if the product has an expiration date, the expiration
date. After that, products are stored in their respective locations.

In Odoo, this is done either in the *Inventory* or *Barcode* app. In either app, in the default
Kanban view, click or tap :guilabel:`Receipts`, then, click or tap on the individual receipt to
validate it. Next, in the *Inventory* app, click :guilabel:`Edit`, then enter the received quantity

> in the :guilabel:`Done` column. Finally, click :guilabel:`Validate` to receive the products. If

Author: It's odd, but you don't have to- I did the flow again, and you just need to enter the SN and click Validate, and it 'takes' it. I found my item in the inventory SN list report, so it takes it without clicking Save

:guilabel:`Validate`. After products are received in Odoo, the products can be moved to their
respective storage locations.

.. image:: removal/entering-stocks.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Products entering stock via the receiving area.

Next, several orders for the same product are made, but in this example, the goods weren't received

> on the same day and they don't have the same expiration date. In that situation, logically, sending

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the same day, and they don't have the same expiration date. In that situation, sending
```

> those with the closest expiration date is preferred. Depending on the chosen removal strategy, Odoo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the products with the closest expiration date is preferred. Depending on the chosen removal strategy, Odoo
```

> generates a transfer with the products that fit the settings best.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
generates a transfer with the products that best fit the settings.
```

strategy, Odoo generates a transfer with the products that best fit the settings.

.. image:: removal/packing-products.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Products being packed at the packing area for delivery, taking the expiration dates into
         account.

.. note::

>    To pick for delivery, the product's lot/serial number can be found on the transfer form.

Author: Picking is one of the main functions/aspects of the inventory app, so I think that people reading this should understand what that means.  The transfer form is created once a delivery order is created, and then a picking/transfer is created to get the products form the warehouse to the shipping area - again, I think something that will be understood. I can add a link to another doc to make this more understood

How each removal strategy works
===============================

Removal strategies determine which products are taken from the warehouse when orders are confirmed.
This is why selecting the correct removal strategies to best suit the needs of the warehouse is
important.

First In, First Out (FIFO)
--------------------------

When using a :guilabel:`First In, First Out (FIFO)` strategy, a demand for a product triggers a
removal rule, which requests a transfer for the lot/serial number that entered the stock first.
For example, imagine there are three lots of nails in the warehouse. Those three have the following
lot numbers: 00001, 00002, 00003, each with five boxes of nails in it.

Lot 00001 entered the stock on May 23, lot 00002 on May 25, and lot 00003 on June 1. A customer
orders six boxes on June 11.

Using the :abbr:`FIFO (First In, First Out)` removal strategy, a transfer is requested for the five
boxes from lot 00001 and one of the boxes in lot 00002, since lot 00001 entered the stock first. The
box from lot 00002 is taken next because it has the oldest receipt date after lot 00001.

> So, for every order of a product with the FIFO strategy selected, Odoo requests a transfer for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So, for every order of a product with the :abbr:`FIFO (First In, First Out)` strategy selected, Odoo requests a transfer for the
```
I'd keep the abbreviation tags consistent when referencing the removal strategies

So, for every order of a product with the :abbr:`FIFO (First In, First Out)` strategy selected, Odoo
requests a transfer for the products that have been in stock for the longest time.

> To view the serial numbers being selected for a sales order, go to the :guilabel:`Sales app` and

Author: I thought about this, but I also remember thinking about people who would go to a doc and only read that section they needed. So because of that, I like having the small Odoo example in the 'how it works' section. So it gives an example of how it would work, and a little info on how you would check things (like SN's). Then the in-depth is below.

click the sales order in question. In the sales order, click the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button

> in the top right. In the :guilabel:`Operations` tab, click the :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` icon

Author: I tried to find an emoji or icon  like this but can't, and I checked with Sam, too. If you know of one, I'd be happy to use it, but I can't seem to find anything appropriate. I don't want to add too many images since I add a lot already, and I think the description is enough.

and displays the lot numbers selected for that specific product for the delivery order.

> Below displays the lot numbers for the nails example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Think we can delete this line

.. image:: removal/fifo-nails-picking.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The detailed operations shows which lots are being selected for the picking.

Last In, First Out (LIFO)
-------------------------

Similar to the :abbr:`FIFO (First In, First Out)` method, the :guilabel:`Last In, First Out (LIFO)`
removal strategy moves products based on the date they entered a warehouse's stock.  Instead of
removing the oldest stock on-hand, however, it targets the **newest** stock on-hand to enter the
warehouse for removal.

Here, a demand for a product triggers a removal rule that requests a transfer for the lot/serial
number that has most recently entered the stock.

To view all products with lots/serial numbers assigned to them, navigate to
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products  --> Lots/Serial Numbers`. This reveals a page with
drop-down menus of all products assigned lots or serial numbers, filtered by *product* by default.
To change the category these products are filtered by, click :guilabel:`Product` (in the search bar,

> in the top right of the page) to remove the default filter, and select a new filter (if desired).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the top right of the page) to remove the default filter, and select a new filter if desired.
```

Lot 20001 entered the stock on July 1st and expires on July 15th, lot 20002 entered on July 2nd and
expires on July 14th, and lot 20003 entered on July 3rd and expires on July 21st. A customer orders
six boxes on July 5th.

Using the :abbr:`FEFO (First Expiry, First Out)` method, a transfer is requested for the five boxes
from lot 20002 and one from lot 20001.

.. image:: removal/egg-lots-removal.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The detailed operations for the transfer shows the lots ot be removed.

All the boxes in lot 20002 are transferred because they have the earliest expiration date. The
transfer also requests one box from lot 20001 because it has the next closest expiration date after
lot 20002.

Using the :abbr:`FEFO (First Expiry, First Out)` removal strategy, every sales order that includes
products with this removal strategy assigned ensures that transfers are requested for products with
the expiration date soonest to the order date.

Using removal strategies
========================

To differentiate some units of products from others, the units need to be tracked, either by
:guilabel:`Lot` or by :guilabel:`Serial Number`. To do so, go to :menuselection:`Inventory -->

> Configuration --> Settings`. Then, activate the :guilabel:`Storage Location`, :guilabel:`Multi-Step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration --> Settings`. Then, activate the :guilabel:`Storage Locations`, :guilabel:`Multi-Step
```

   :align: center
   :alt: :alt: Warehouse settings.

.. note::
   To use the :abbr:`FEFO (First Expiry, First Out)` removal strategy, *expiration dates* need to be
   activated, as well. To enable this, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration -->
   Settings`, scroll down to the :guilabel:`Traceability` section, and click the checkbox next to
   :guilabel:`Expiration Dates`. Remember to click :guilabel:`Save` to save all changes.

Now, specific removal strategies can be defined on product categories. To do this, go to
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Product Categories`, and choose a product
category to define the removal strategy on.

.. image:: removal/product-category-removal.png
   :align: center
   :alt: :alt: Removal strategy on a product category.

FIFO (First In, First Out)
--------------------------

As explained earlier, the :abbr:`FIFO (First In, First Out)` removal strategy implies that products
which entered a warehouse's stock first move out first. Companies should use this method if they are
selling products with short demand cycles, such as clothes, to ensure they are not stuck with
outdated styles in stock.

> In this example, there are three lots of white shirts. The shirts are from the All/Clothes category,

Author: I like keeping the examples only because it fleshes things out a lot for the reader. I know it's a long doc, but I think it does add value.

In this example, there are three lots of white shirts. The shirts are from the All/Clothes category,
where :guilabel:`FIFO` is set as the removal strategy. In the :guilabel:`Inventory Valuation
Report`, the three different receipts are listed with the amounts.

.. image:: removal/inventory-valuation.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the lots of white shirts in the inventory valuation report.

Lot 000001 contains five shirts, lot 000002 contains three shirts, and lot 000003 contains two
shirts.

> Go to the *Sales* app and click :guilabel:`Create` to create an :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`. Next,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the :menuselection:`Sales` app and click :guilabel:`Create` to create an :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`. Next,
```
I *think* we use menuselection tags when we are telling someone to "go somewhere" on the screen

product` in the :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab. Select the :guilabel:`White Shirt` from the drop-down
menu, or type in the name of the product in the field. Enter `6.00` in the :guilabel:`Quantity`

> field, then click :guilabel:`Save`, then click :guilabel:`Confirm`.

Author: I feel keeping it in gives them a more fleshed out example for this, and helps. Especially if they are unfamiliar with the sales app, having this paragraph could help or reinforce the steps, especially since these docs are very useful to people new to Odoo (I think) and it could help connect some dots they might not have connected. I see your point, but I do like having these fuller examples with each 'this is how it works'.

:guilabel:`Save`, then click :guilabel:`Confirm`.

.. image:: removal/sales-order.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Create a new sales order in the Sales app. Click New, then add a Customer, add the White
         Shirt as the product, and update the quantity to 6.00.

Once the sales order is confirmed, the delivery order will be created and linked to the picking, and

> the oldest lot numbers will be reserved thanks to the FIFO strategy. All five shirts from lot 000001

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the oldest lot numbers will be reserved thanks to the :abbr:`FIFO (First In, First Out)` strategy. All five shirts from lot 000001
```

:guilabel:`Force Removal Strategy` to :guilabel:`Last In First Out (LIFO)`.

.. image:: removal/last-in-first-out.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Last in first out strategy set up as forced removal strategy.

Then, :guilabel:`Create` a sales order for four white shirts and :guilabel:`Confirm` it. Check that
the reserved products are from lots 000003 and 000002 by looking at the :guilabel:`Detailed
Operations` in the  :guilabel:`Sales Order`.

.. image:: removal/reserved-lots-lifo.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Two lots being reserved for sale with the LIFO strategy.

FEFO (First Expired, First Out)
-------------------------------

As explained earlier, the :abbr:`FEFO (First Expiry, First Out)` removal strategy differs from the
:abbr:`FIFO (First In, First Out)` and :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` strategies, because it
targets products for removal based on **expiration dates** instead of their warehouse receipt dates.

.. note::
   For more information about expiration dates, reference
   :doc:`the related doc <../../management/lots_serial_numbers/expiration_dates>`.

Once the expiration dates feature is activated, it's possible to define different expiration dates

> for individual serialized products, **or** lot numbers containing many products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for individual serialized products, as well as lot numbers containing many products.
```

Expiration dates can be set by going to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Lots/Serial
Numbers`, or they can be entered when validating the received products.

.. image:: removal/removal-date.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the removal date for 0000001.

Lots are picked based on their removal date, from earliest to latest. Lots without a removal date
defined are picked after lots with removal dates.

> .. important::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning::
```
 I would argue this gets a warning tag, since sending expired products to customers could be pretty serious

Author: very good idea- I agree!

either the :guilabel:`Product Category` or the :guilabel:`Location`.

To change the :guilabel:`Removal Strategy`, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration
--> Locations` or :guilabel:`Product Categories`. Click on a :guilabel:`Location` or
:guilabel:`Product Category`, and then click :guilabel:`Edit`. Change the product category
:guilabel:`Force Removal Strategy` or the location :guilabel:`Removal Strategy` by clicking on the
drop-down menu and selecting the desired removal strategy. After selecting the new removal strategy,
click :guilabel:`Save`.

.. image:: removal/product-category-location.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Change the Force Removal Strategy for either the Product Categories or Locations.

What happens inside the warehouse?
==================================

Most warehouses share the same important areas: receiving docks and sorting areas, storage
locations, picking and packing areas, and shipping/loading docks. While all products entering or
leaving the warehouse might go through each of these locations at some point, removal strategies can
have an effect on which products are taken, from where, and when.

> .. image:: removal/empty-dock.png

Reviewer 2: Image needs to be resized

Author: I have NO idea how these got messed up! I retook them and I *know* I made them 933.... yikes. I'm sorry- I don't understand what happened (unless I saved them on my local instead of the github image folder!) Apologies- I know better than this =)

   :align: center
   :alt: Empty stock waiting for deliveries at the docks.

In this example, vendor trucks unload pallets of goods at the docks. Then, operators scan the
products in the receiving area, with the reception date and expiration date (if applicable). After
that, products are stored in their respective locations.

In Odoo, receiving products is done either in the *Inventory* or *Barcode* app. In either app, in

> the default Kanban view, click :guilabel:`Receipts`, then, click on the individual receipt. Next, in

Author: Oh, lol- I thought "Kanban" was a proper name - all I know is it's Japanese, hehe.

the *Inventory* app, click :guilabel:`Edit`, then enter the received quantity in the
:guilabel:`Done` column. Finally, click :guilabel:`Validate` to receive the products.

If using the *Barcode* app, scan the product(s), update the quantity, and finally, click
:guilabel:`Validate`. After products are received in Odoo, the products can be moved to their
respective storage locations.

> .. image:: removal/entering-stocks.png

Reviewer 2: Image needs to be resized

   :align: center
   :alt: Products entering stock via the receiving area.

Next, several orders for the same product are made, but in this example, the goods weren't received
on the same day, and they don't have the same expiration date. In that situation, logically, sending
the products with the closest expiration date is preferred. Depending on the chosen removal
strategy, Odoo generates a transfer with the products that best fit the settings.

> .. image:: removal/packing-products.png

Reviewer 2: Image needs to be resized

:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Product Categories`, and choose a product
category to define the removal strategy on. In the :guilabel:`Force Removal Strategy` field, choose
a removal strategy.

.. image:: removal/product-category-removal.png
   :align: center
   :alt: :alt: Removal strategy on a product category.

To view all products with lots/serial numbers assigned to them, navigate to
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products  --> Lots/Serial Numbers`. This reveals a page with
drop-down menus of all products assigned lots or serial numbers, filtered by *product* by default.
To change the category these products are filtered by, click :guilabel:`Product` (in the search bar,
in the top right of the page) to remove the default filter, and select a new filter if desired.

.. image:: removal/lot-serial.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Click on Products, then Lots/Serial Numbers to display all the products with lots or serial
         numbers.

To view the serial numbers being selected for a sales order, go to the :guilabel:`Sales app` and
select the sales order in question. In the sales order, click the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button

> in the top right. In the :guilabel:`Operations` tab, click the :guilabel:`⋮≣ (Detailed Operations)`

Reviewer 2: I think this is ok to use two icons to form the UI icon, although I think the one with 4 dots and 4 lines is a closer match
```suggestion
in the top right. In the :guilabel:`Operations` tab, click the :guilabel:`⦙≣ (Detailed Operations)`
```

Author: Thank you! I think KSC found the icon for me since I couldn't find this one on my own (I still don't know how people find icons I can't seem to find).

icon in the far right for the product in question. The :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` window
appears, and displays the lot or serial numbers selected for that specific product for the delivery
order.

FIFO (First In, First Out)
--------------------------

The :abbr:`FIFO (First In, First Out)` removal strategy implies that products which enter a
warehouse's stock first are removed first. Companies should use this method if they are selling
products with short demand cycles, such as clothes, to ensure they are not stuck with outdated
styles in stock.

In this example, there are three lots of white shirts. The shirts are from the All/Clothes category,
where :guilabel:`FIFO` is set as the removal strategy. In the :guilabel:`Inventory Valuation

> Report`, the three different receipts are listed with the amounts.

Reviewer 2: The first half of this example is not part of an active instruction, so using italics rather than guilabel

> .. image:: removal/inventory-valuation.png

Reviewer 2: Image needs to be resized

   :align: center
   :alt: View of the lots of white shirts in the inventory valuation report.

Lot 000001 contains five shirts, lot 000002 contains three shirts, and lot 000003 contains two
shirts.

To see the removal strategy in action, go to the :menuselection:`Sales app` and click
:guilabel:`Create` to create a sales order. Next, select a :guilabel:`Customer` from the drop-down
menu. Then click :guilabel:`Add a product` in the :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab. Select a product (for
this example, the :guilabel:`White Shirt`) from the drop-down menu, or type in the name of the
product in the field. Enter a quantity (for this example, `6.00`) in the :guilabel:`Quantity` field,
then click :guilabel:`Save`, then click :guilabel:`Confirm`.

Once the sales order is confirmed, the delivery order will be created and linked to the picking, and
the oldest lot numbers will be reserved thanks to the :abbr:`FIFO (First In, First Out)` strategy.
All five shirts from lot 000001 and one shirt from lot 000002 will be selected to be sent to the
customer.

> .. image:: removal/reserved-lots-FIFO.png

Reviewer 2: Image needs to be resized

   :align: center
   :alt: Two lots being reserved for a sales order with the FIFO strategy.

LIFO (Last In, First Out)
-------------------------

The :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` removal strategy works in the **opposite** manner from the
:abbr:`FIFO (First In, First Out)` strategy. With this method, the products that are received
**last** are moved out first. This method is mostly used for products without a shelf life, and no
time-sensitive factors, such as expiration dates.

> In this example, there are three lots of cinder blocks. The blocks are from the All/Building
> Materials category, where :guilabel:`FIFO` is set as the removal strategy. In the
> :guilabel:`Inventory Valuation Report`, the three different receipts are listed with the amounts.

Reviewer 2: The first half of this example is not part of an active instruction, so using italics rather than guilabel
```suggestion
In this example, there are three lots of cinder blocks. The blocks are from the *All/Building
Materials* category, where *FIFO* is set as the removal strategy. In the :guilabel:`Inventory
Valuation Report`, the three different receipts are listed with the amounts.
```

.. image:: removal/inventory-valuation-bricks.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the lots of cinder blocks in the inventory valuation report.

Lot 000020 contains three cinder blocks, lot 000030 contains five cinder blocks, and lot 0000400
contains four cinder blocks.

To see how the :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` strategy works, first navigate to
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Product Categories`, and select a product

> category (for this example, the All/Building Materials category) to edit. This reveals a product

Reviewer 2: Add :guilabel: to the element with active instruction
```suggestion
category (for this example, the :guilabel:`All/Building Materials` category) to edit. This reveals a
```

category form.

Once on the product category form, under the :guilabel:`Logistics` section, change the
:guilabel:`Force Removal Strategy` to :guilabel:`Last In First Out (LIFO)`.

> .. image:: removal/last-in-first-out.png

Reviewer 2: Image needs to be resized

sent to the customer.

.. image:: removal/reserved-lots-LIFO.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Two lots being reserved for sale with the LIFO strategy.

FEFO (First Expired, First Out)
-------------------------------

The :abbr:`FEFO (First Expired, First Out)` removal strategy differs from the :abbr:`FIFO (First In,
First Out)` and :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` strategies, because it targets products for
removal based on **expiration dates** instead of their warehouse receipt dates. With this method,
the products that are going to expire first are moved out first. This method is used for perishable
products, such as medicine, food, and beauty products.

Lots are picked based on their **removal date** from earliest to latest. Removal dates indicate how
many days *before* the expiration date the product needs to be removed from stock. The removal date
is set on the product form. Lots without a removal date defined are picked after lots with removal
dates.

.. warning::
   If products are not removed from stock when they should be, lots that are past the expiration
   date may still be picked for delivery orders!

.. note::

>    For more information about expiration dates, reference the
>    :doc:`Expiration dates <../../management/lots_serial_numbers/expiration_dates>` document.

Reviewer 2: Can use global relative path here
```suggestion
   For more information about expiration dates, reference the :doc:`Expiration dates
   </applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/management/lots_serial_numbers/expiration_dates>`
   document.
```

Author: I didn't realize I could break up that line as well - I thought it had to be continuous.

First, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Settings` and ensure
:guilabel:`Expiration Dates` is enabled. Once the :guilabel:`Expiration Dates` setting is enabled,
it's possible to define different expiration dates for individual serialized products, as well as
for lot numbers containing many products.

> In this example, there are three lots of hand cream. The creams are from the All/Health & Beauty
> category, where :guilabel:`FEFO` is set as the removal strategy. In the :guilabel:`Inventory

Reviewer 2: The first half of this example is not part of an active instruction, so using italics rather than guilabel
```suggestion
In this example, there are three lots of hand cream. The creams are from the *All/Health & Beauty*
category, where *FEFO* is set as the removal strategy. In the :guilabel:`Inventory Valuation
```

Valuation Report`, the three different receipts are listed with the amounts.

Lot 0000001 contains twenty tubes of hand cream, expiring on Sept 30, lot 0000002 contains ten tubes
of hand cream, expiring on November 30, and lot 0000003 contains ten tubes of hand cream, expiring
on October 31.

.. image:: removal/hand-cream-lots.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View the hand cream lot numbers and expiration dates in the inventory report.

Expiration dates can be entered when validating the received products, or set on products by going
to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Lots/Serial Numbers`. Click :guilabel:`Create`,
enter the serial number, and select the product from the drop-down menu. Next, select the expiration
date in the :guilabel:`Dates` tab. Finally, click :guilabel:`Save`.

> .. image:: removal/removal-date.png

Reviewer 2: Image needs to be resized

   :align: center
   :alt: View of the removal date for 0000001.

To see how the :abbr:`FEFO (First Expired, First Out)` strategy works, first navigate to
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Product Categories`, and select a product

> category (in this example, the All/Health & Beauty category) to edit. This reveals a product

Reviewer 2: Add :guilabel: to the element with active instruction
```suggestion
category (in this example, the :guilabel:`All/Health & Beauty` category) to edit. This reveals a
product category form.
```

=====================================
Removal Strategies (FIFO, LIFO, FEFO)
=====================================

For companies with warehouses, **removal strategies** determine which products are taken from the
warehouse, and when. Removal strategies are typically defined for specific picking operations. This
helps companies to select the best products, optimize the distance workers need to travel when
picking items for orders, and account for quality control, such as moving products with expiration
dates.

When a product needs to be moved, Odoo finds available products that can be assigned to the
transfer. The way Odoo assigns these products depends on the :guilabel:`Removal Strategy` defined in
either the :guilabel:`Product Category` or the :guilabel:`Location`.

To change the :guilabel:`Removal Strategy`, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration

> --> Locations` or :guilabel:`Product Categories`. Click on a :guilabel:`Location` or

Author: I decided on (and hope you agree) that the 'locations' and 'product categories' in the previous sentence should both be menu selections since they are part of the navigation drop downs (truly a menu selection). Clicking the location or category in this sentence, they are items you click in the dashboard view, as oppose to a navigation direction- so since they are different ways of selecting, I think everything in the previous sentence is a menu selection, and these are GUI's. If you disagree, no problem- I can change again- but that is the logic I am following (so my first gui for 'product categories' was incorrect).

have an effect on which products are taken, from where, and when.

.. image:: removal/empty-dock.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Empty stock waiting for deliveries at the docks.

In this example, vendor trucks unload pallets of goods at the docks. Then, operators scan the
products in the receiving area, with the reception date and expiration date (if applicable). After
that, products are stored in their respective locations.

In Odoo, receiving products is done either in the *Inventory* or *Barcode* app. In either app, in
the default kanban view, click :guilabel:`Receipts`, then, click on the individual receipt. Next, in
the *Inventory* app, click :guilabel:`Edit`, then enter the received quantity in the
:guilabel:`Done` column. Finally, click :guilabel:`Validate` to receive the products.

If using the *Barcode* app, scan the product(s), update the quantity, and finally, click
:guilabel:`Validate`. After products are received in Odoo, the products can be moved to their
respective storage locations.

.. image:: removal/entering-stocks.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Products entering stock via the receiving area.

> Next, several orders for the same product are made, but in this example, the goods weren't received

Reviewer 3: Transition word "Next" implies there's more directions to receiving products in Odoo...don't think that's what's happening here?

What kind of orders?
We just received products didn't we? ...so why would new orders be created?

If this is a new layer in the hypothetical, then explicitly say so 😉

on the same day, and they don't have the same expiration date. In that situation, logically, sending

> the products with the closest expiration date is preferred. Depending on the chosen removal

Reviewer 3: Assuming the products have an expiration date? We haven't really fleshed out the example that far to indicate this., e.g. "Imagine we are receiving cartons of eggs..."

strategy, Odoo generates a transfer with the products that best fit the settings.

.. image:: removal/packing-products.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Products being packed at the packing area for delivery, taking the expiration dates into
         account.

.. note::
   To pick for delivery, the product's lot/serial number can be found on the transfer form. To learn
   more about picking and shipping, refer to either

>    :doc:`../../management/shipments_deliveries/receipts_delivery_two_steps`
>    or :doc:`../../management/shipments_deliveries/delivery_three_steps`.

Reviewer 2: Let's move "or" since it is an early line break :)
```suggestion
   :doc:`../../management/shipments_deliveries/receipts_delivery_two_steps` or
   :doc:`../../management/shipments_deliveries/delivery_three_steps`.
```

How each removal strategy works
===============================

Removal strategies determine which products are taken from the warehouse when orders are confirmed.

> This is why selecting the correct removal strategies to best suit the needs of the warehouse is
> important.

Reviewer 3: Unnecessary
```suggestion
```

Author: Agreed- in a review it was suggested to add an intro to these so I added it. Happily removing =)

First In, First Out (FIFO)
--------------------------

> When using a :guilabel:`First In, First Out (FIFO)` strategy, a demand for a product triggers a

Reviewer 3: grammar
"a demand" is like saying "an eCommerce" imo

```suggestion
When using a :guilabel:`First In, First Out (FIFO)` strategy, demand for a product triggers a
```

> removal rule, which requests a transfer for the lot/serial number that entered the stock first (have
> been in stock for the longest time).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
removal rule, which requests a transfer for the lot/serial number that entered the stock first (and therefore, has
been in stock for the longest time).
```

> For example, imagine there are three lots of nails in the warehouse. Those three have the following
> lot numbers: 00001, 00002, 00003, each with five boxes of nails in it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example, imagine there are three lots of nails in the warehouse. Those three lots have the following
identification numbers: 00001, 00002, 00003, each with five boxes of nails in it.
```

OR

```suggestion
For example, imagine there are three lots of nails in the warehouse, and have the corresponding:
lot numbers: 00001, 00002, 00003. Each lot has five boxes of nails in it.
```

> Lot 00001 entered the stock on May 23, lot 00002 on May 25, and lot 00003 on June 1. A customer

Reviewer 3: these are borderline input values, consider surrounding all of these instances in backticks
```suggestion
Lot `00001` entered the stock on May 23, lot `00002` on May 25, and lot `00003` on June 1. A customer
```

orders six boxes on June 11.

> Using the :abbr:`FIFO (First In, First Out)` removal strategy, a transfer is requested for the five
> boxes from lot 00001 and one of the boxes in lot 00002, since lot 00001 entered the stock first. The
> box from lot 00002 is taken next because it has the oldest receipt date after lot 00001.

Reviewer 3: specificity/language
```suggestion
Using the :abbr:`FIFO (First In, First Out)` removal strategy, a transfer request will pick the five
boxes from lot 00001 first, and then from the boxes in lot 00002, since lot 00001 entered the stock first. The
box from lot 00002 is taken next because it has the oldest receipt date after lot 00001.
```

.. image:: removal/fifo-nails-picking.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The detailed operations for the transfer shows the nail lots to be removed.

Last In, First Out (LIFO)
-------------------------

Similar to the :abbr:`FIFO (First In, First Out)` method, the :guilabel:`Last In, First Out (LIFO)`

> removal strategy moves products based on the date they entered a warehouse's stock.  Instead of

Reviewer 2: Remove extra space
```suggestion
removal strategy moves products based on the date they entered a warehouse's stock. Instead of
```

removing the oldest stock on-hand, however, it targets the **newest** stock on-hand for removal.

Every time an order for products with the :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` method is placed, a
transfer is created for the lot/serial number that has most recently entered the stock (the **last**
lot/serial number that entered the warehouse's inventory).

> .. Warning::

Reviewer 3: lowercase admonition
```suggestion
.. warning::
```

   In many countries, the :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` removal strategy in banned, since it can
   potentially result in old, expired, or obsolete products being delivered to customers.

For example, imagine there are three lots of screws in the warehouse. Those three have the following

> numbers: 10001, 10002, and 10003, each with 10 boxes of screws in it.

Reviewer 3: double-check wording/grammar

.. image:: removal/traceability.png
   :align: center
   :alt: :alt: Traceability settings.

.. image:: removal/warehouse-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: :alt: Warehouse settings.

.. note::
   To use the :abbr:`FEFO (First Expired, First Out)` removal strategy, the :guilabel:`Expiration
   Dates` setting needs to be activated as well. To enable this, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app
   --> Configuration --> Settings`, scroll down to the :guilabel:`Traceability` section, and click
   the checkbox next to :guilabel:`Expiration Dates`. Remember to click :guilabel:`Save` to save all
   changes.

Now, specific removal strategies can be defined on product categories. To do this, go to
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Product Categories`, and choose a product
category to define the removal strategy on. In the :guilabel:`Force Removal Strategy` field, choose
a removal strategy.

.. image:: removal/product-category-removal.png
   :align: center
   :alt: :alt: Removal strategy on a product category.

To view all products with lots/serial numbers assigned to them, navigate to

> :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products  --> Lots/Serial Numbers`. This reveals a page with

Reviewer 2: Remove extra space
```suggestion
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Lots/Serial Numbers`. This reveals a page with
```

Out (FEFO)` method targets products for removal based on their assigned expiration dates.

To view all products with lots/serial numbers assigned to them, navigate to
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Lots/Serial Numbers`. This reveals a page with
drop-down menus of all products assigned lots or serial numbers, filtered by *product* by default.

.. image:: removal/lot-serial.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Click on Products, then Lots/Serial Numbers to display all the products with lots or serial
         numbers.

To change the category these products are filtered by, click :guilabel:`Product` (in the search bar,
in the top right of the page) to remove the default filter, and select a new filter (if desired).

To view the expiration dates of all products, click the :guilabel:`⋮ (additional options icon)`
(three-dots) on the far right of the page, and click the checkbox next to :guilabel:`Expiration
Date`. Then, locate the :guilabel:`Expiration Date` column in any of the drop-downs on the page.

.. image:: removal/expiration.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Click the additional options icon, then click the checkbox next to Expiration Date to make

>          the column visible.

Author: I rearranged it- I think it makes sense now.

Once the :guilabel:`Expiration Dates` setting is activated, it's possible to define different
expiration dates for individual serialized products, as well as lot numbers containing many
products.

Expiration dates can be entered when validating the received products, or set by going to
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Lots/Serial Numbers`. Click :guilabel:`Create`, enter
the serial number, and select the product from the drop-down menu. Next, select the expiration date
in the :guilabel:`Dates` tab. Finally, click :guilabel:`Save`.

.. image:: removal/removal-date.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the removal date for 0000001.

Lots are picked based on their removal date, from earliest to latest. Removal dates indicate how
many days *before* the expiration date, the product needs to be removed from stock. The removal date
is set on the product form. Lots without a removal date defined are picked after lots with removal
dates.

.. warning::
   If products are not removed from stock when they should be, lots that are past the expiration
   date may still be picked for delivery orders!

> To test this example using the :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` strategy, first navigate to

Reviewer 4: Same here---the example should be set up again in this section. Also should be "FEFO" instead of "LIFO" here :)

=====================================

> Removal Strategies (FIFO, LIFO, FEFO)

Reviewer 3: sentence case 😉 
```suggestion
Removal strategies (FIFO, LIFO, FEFO)
```

.. Warning::
   In many countries, the :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` removal strategy in banned, since it can
   potentially result in old, expired, or obsolete products being delivered to customers.

For example, imagine there are three lots of screws in the warehouse. Those three have the following
numbers: 10001, 10002, and 10003, each with 10 boxes of screws in it.

Lot 10001 entered the stock on June 1, lot 10002 on June 3, and lot 10003 on June 6. A customer
orders seven boxes on June 8.

Using the :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` removal strategy, a transfer is requested for seven
boxes from lot 10003 because that lot is the last one to have entered the stock.

.. image:: removal/lifo-nails.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The detailed operations shows which lots are being selected for the picking.

First Expired, First Out (FEFO)
-------------------------------

While the :abbr:`FIFO (First In, First Out)` and :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` methods target
products for removal based on date of entry into the warehouse, the :guilabel:`First Expired, First
Out (FEFO)` method targets products for removal based on their assigned expiration dates.

> Using the :abbr:`FEFO (First Expiry, First Out)` removal strategy, every sales order that includes

Author: Thanks- I was torn because I like to be consistent with the app, and match the words so people don't get confused. I prefer "expired" (sounds better!)

customer.

.. image:: removal/reserved-lots-FIFO.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Two lots being reserved for a sales order with the FIFO strategy.

LIFO (Last In, First Out)
-------------------------

The :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` removal strategy works in the **opposite** manner from the
:abbr:`FIFO (First In, First Out)` strategy. With this method, the products that are received
**last** are moved out first. This method is mostly used for products without a shelf life, and no
time-sensitive factors, such as expiration dates.

In this example, there are three lots of cinder blocks. The blocks are from the All/Building
Materials category, where :guilabel:`FIFO` is set as the removal strategy. In the
:guilabel:`Inventory Valuation Report`, the three different receipts are listed with the amounts.

.. image:: removal/inventory-valuation-bricks.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the lots of cinder blocks in the inventory valuation report.

Lot 000020 contains three cinder blocks, lot 000030 contains five cinder blocks, and lot 0000400
contains four cinder blocks.

To see how the :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` strategy works, first navigate to

> :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Product Categories`, and select the All/Building
> Materials category to edit. This reveals a product category form.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Product Categories`, and select a product category (for this example, the All/Building
Materials category) to edit. This reveals a product category form.
```

   :doc:`Expiration dates <../../management/lots_serial_numbers/expiration_dates>` document.

First, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Settings` and ensure
:guilabel:`Expiration Dates` is enabled. Once the :guilabel:`Expiration Dates` setting is enabled,
it's possible to define different expiration dates for individual serialized products, as well as
for lot numbers containing many products.

In this example, there are three lots of hand cream. The creams are from the All/Health & Beauty
category, where :guilabel:`FEFO` is set as the removal strategy. In the :guilabel:`Inventory
Valuation Report`, the three different receipts are listed with the amounts.

Lot 0000001 contains twenty tubes of hand cream, expiring on Sept 30, lot 0000002 contains ten tubes
of hand cream, expiring on November 30, and lot 0000003 contains ten tubes of hand cream, expiring
on October 31.

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :stub-columns: 1

   * - Lot/Serial No
     - Product
     - Expiration Date
     - Amount In Stock
   * - 0000001
     - Hand Cream
     - 09/30
     - 20
   * - 0000002
     - Hand Cream
     - 11/30
     - 10
   * - 0000003
     - Hand Cream
     - 10/31

>      - 10

Reviewer 4: This table is great, but it feels out of place here since it's the only table in the doc, and all the other examples use images instead of tables. I would replace this with an image for consistency.

Expiration dates can be entered when validating the received products, or set on products by going
to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Lots/Serial Numbers`. Click :guilabel:`Create`,
enter the serial number, and select the product from the drop-down menu. Next, select the expiration
date in the :guilabel:`Dates` tab. Finally, click :guilabel:`Save`.

.. image:: removal/removal-date.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the removal date for 0000001.

To see how the :abbr:`FEFO (First Expiry, First Out)` strategy works, first navigate to

> :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Product Categories`, and select the All/Health &
> Beauty category to edit. This reveals a product category form.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Product Categories`, and select a product category (for this example, the All/Health &
Beauty category) to edit. This reveals a product category form.
```

Once on the product category form, under the :guilabel:`Logistics` section, change the
:guilabel:`Force Removal Strategy` to :abbr:`FEFO (First Expiry, First Out)`.

.. image:: removal/fefo.png
   :align: center
   :alt: FEFO forced removal strategy set on the product category.

> Next, go to the :menuselection:`Sales app` and click :guilabel:`Create` to create an :abbr:`SO
> (Sales Order)`. Next, select a :guilabel:`Customer` from the drop-down menu. Then click
> :guilabel:`Add a product` in the :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab. Select the :guilabel:`Hand Cream` from
> the drop-down menu, or type in the name of the product in the field. Enter `25.00` in the
> :guilabel:`Quantity` field, then click :guilabel:`Save`, then click :guilabel:`Confirm`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Next, go to the :menuselection:`Sales app` and click :guilabel:`Create` to create a sales
order. Next, select a :guilabel:`Customer` from the drop-down menu. Then click
:guilabel:`Add a product` in the :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab. Select a product (for this example, the :guilabel:`Hand Cream`) from
the drop-down menu, or type in the name of the product in the field. Enter a quantity (for example, `25.00`) in the
:guilabel:`Quantity` field, then click :guilabel:`Save`, then click :guilabel:`Confirm`.
```
